---
layout: post
title: "Why Grow?"
microblog: false
audio: 
date: 2018-03-10 17:38 -0400
guid: http://nate.micro.blog/2018/03/10/why-grow.html
---
The premise of this section is that businesses are judged based on their size and that bigger is better and more successful. DHH and JF refute this notion and propose that any business has an optimal size and that may be just one person or 5,000 people. You need to find the right size for your business and go with it. It may change over time. Just let it happen organically. The highest priority shouldn’t be to grow.

I work in a very large company. Multiple international sites all over the world big. But my team has two members. And for now that is enough. I would like a third member for a couple reasons. First, to alleviate some of the pressure we have to deliver on the schedule we’ve set. Second, to bring more diversity and perspective to the team. Third, we need more leverage within our business group and size actually matters for that.

That is the balance I find myself faced with. We are a very productive team. We ship software often (compared to other teams in the company). We write good code. We are super efficient. Our software doesn’t have many issues. But those are also problems in a large company. We don’t receive the visibility of other teams because no one is talking about us. When nothing goes wrong then no one cares. Management cares when there are problems to solve. If you don’t have problems then you don’t receive attention.

_Note: This is part of a series of posts inspired by re-reading [Rework](https://basecamp.com/books/rework), by [DHH](https://twitter.com/dhh) and [Jason Fried](https://twitter.com/jasonfried)._
